---
layout: post
title:  "Final Post"
date:   2021-12-09 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

The skills and talents that are most valuable in carrying out social change work with our community partner was overall patience with programming this website and quick problem solving skills when running into an issue. We faced a variety of different issues throughout the website development stage, but we all worked together as a team with enough patience to succeed in the ways we wanted. This approach would guranteee some sort of change in the Hendrix community. This issue is so relevant and well-recognized that every single person on campus would understand the need for this website. By recording onesself in class, we could be one step closer to going back to normal on campus, and possibly beyond. These small tasks might sound tedious, but they could realistically prevent another outbreak of COVID. I don't think that any of my fundalmental values, social ideals or significant beliefs have been challenged through this experience. Ever since the beginning of the pandemic, I always agreed that the safety of the community was our highest priority, not necessarily trying to get back to normal. However, at this point, we are approaching the mindset of desired normalacy again that we as a society have missed for years. In this case, I don't think anything I learned in class is directly challenged by this experience, moreover, this experience enforced previously believed ideasls including the safety and compassion for others. I've realized throughout this experience that this community is so lucky to have the resources it does. The students and faculty of Hendrix have all proved that they would sacrafice aspects of their life for the safety of others, maybe for some even getting vaccinated. I have done previous work with COVID data, and I've come to a realization that this might be something I would want to pursue in the future. 
